To be able to easily communicate
with the people you message and
call the most through Kye,
you'll need to add them as
contacts.
By adding someone as a contact,
you can quickly see whether
they're currently online and if
so you can get in touch with
them through text messages or
calls with just a couple of
clicks.
To add a contact, click in the
search bar and start typing the
erson's name.
If they have a Kye account, they
should show U in the list of
results here in the Kye
directory.
Once you've located them, you
can right click their name and
choose to add them as a contact.
Now if I clear the search, you
can see with Contacts selected,
Oliver has been added to my
contacts.
Now you can also search for
people by their usernames, which
can be useful if the person
you're searching for has a
common name, in which case you
might see multile results when
you search for them by name.
In those cases you might want to
ask your friend or colleague
what their Kye username is.
Then you can just type that
username into the search field
and then you can add them as a
contact when they show UO O.
That's how to add contacts to
your Kye account.